feat(DMS): add resource rocketmq migration task (#4244)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dms_rocketmq_migration_task.md

  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of the migration task.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `overwrite` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies whether to overwrite configurations in the destination metadata
  with the same name as the source metadata.
  Value options:
  + **true**: Configurations in the destination metadata with the same name as the source metadata will be overwritten.
  + **false**: An error is reported when a topic or group already exists.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the migration task type.
  Value options: **rocketmq** or **rabbitToRocket**. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `topic_configs` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the topic metadata.
  The [topic_configs](#RocketMQ_migration_task_topic_configs) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `subscription_groups` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the consumer group metadata.
  The [subscription_groups](#RocketMQ_migration_task_subscription_groups) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

> -> **NOTE:** Parameters `topic_configs` and `subscription_groups` are required when the migration task type is **rocketmq**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** Parameters `topic_configs` and `subscription_groups` are required when `type` is set to **rocketmq**.
```

Author: done

* `vhosts` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the virtual hosts metadata.
  The [vhosts](#RocketMQ_migration_task_vhosts) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `queues` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the queue metadata.
  The [queues](#RocketMQ_migration_task_queues) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `exchanges` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the exchange metadata.
  The [exchanges](#RocketMQ_migration_task_exchanges) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `bindings` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the binding metadata.
  The [bindings](#RocketMQ_migration_task_bindings) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

> -> **NOTE:** Parameters `vhosts`, `queues`, `exchanges` and `bindings` are required when the migration task type is **rabbitToRocket**.

Reviewer: ditto

Author: done

* `destination_type` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the message target type.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `routing_key` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the routing key. Changing this creates a new resource.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID. The value is the RocketMQ migration task ID.

* `start_date` - Indicates the start time of the migration task.

* `status` - Indicates the status of the migration task. The value can be **finished** or **failed***.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following timeouts configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 50 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import

The RocketMQ migration task can be imported using the RocketMQ instance ID and the RocketMQ migration task ID
separated by a slash, e.g.

```bash
$ terraform import huaweicloud_dms_rocketmq_migration_task.test <instance_id>/<id>
```

Note that the imported state may not be identical to your resource definition, due to some attributes missing from the
API response, security or some other reason. The missing attribute includes: `overwrite`.

> It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing the resource. You can then decide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing the task. You can then decide
```

Author: done

  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `subscription_groups` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the consumer group metadata.
  The [subscription_groups](#RocketMQ_migration_task_subscription_groups) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

-> **NOTE:** Parameters `topic_configs` and `subscription_groups` are set when the migration task type is **rocketmq**.

* `vhosts` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the virtual hosts metadata.
  The [vhosts](#RocketMQ_migration_task_vhosts) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `queues` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the queue metadata.
  The [queues](#RocketMQ_migration_task_queues) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `exchanges` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the exchange metadata.
  The [exchanges](#RocketMQ_migration_task_exchanges) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `bindings` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Specifies the binding metadata.
  The [bindings](#RocketMQ_migration_task_bindings) structure is documented below.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

> -> **NOTE:** Parameters `vhosts`, `queues`, `exchanges` and `bindings` are set when the migration task type is **rabbitToRocket**.

Reviewer 2: do you mean this?
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** Parameters `vhosts`, `queues`, `exchanges` and `bindings` are required when the migration task type is **rabbitToRocket**.
```

* `order` - (Optional, Bool, ForceNew) Specifies whether a message is an ordered message. Defaults to **false**.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `perm` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the number of permission. Defaults to **6**.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `read_queue_num` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the number of read queues. Defaults to **16**.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `topic_filter_type` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the filter type of a topic.
  Value options: **SINGLE_TAG**, **MULTI_TAG**. Defaults to **SINGLE_TAG**. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `topic_sys_flag` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the system flag of a topic. Defaults to **0**.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `write_queue_num` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the number of write queues. Defaults to **16**.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

<a name="RocketMQ_migration_task_subscription_groups"></a>
The `subscription_groups` block supports:

* `group_name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of a consumer group.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

> * `consume_broadcast_enable` - (Optional, Bool, ForceNew) Specifies whether to enable broadcast. Defaults to **true**.

Reviewer 2: will the API return a `true` value when this parameter is not specified?

* `routing_key` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the routing key. Changing this creates a new resource.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID. The value is the RocketMQ migration task ID.

* `start_date` - Indicates the start time of the migration task.

* `status` - Indicates the status of the migration task. The value can be **finished** or **failed***.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following timeouts configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 50 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import

The RocketMQ migration task can be imported using the RocketMQ instance ID and the RocketMQ migration task ID
separated by a slash, e.g.

```bash
$ terraform import huaweicloud_dms_rocketmq_migration_task.test <instance_id>/<id>
```

Note that the imported state may not be identical to your resource definition, due to some attributes missing from the
API response, security or some other reason. The missing attribute includes: `overwrite`.
It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing the resource. You can then decide

> if changes should be applied to the instance, or the resource definition should be updated to align with the instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if changes should be applied to the task, or the resource definition should be updated to align with the task.
```
